Justin Kwan
CS210
Autocomplete Me Project

1. Hours to complete the project: 20 hours

2. Provide a short description of how you approached each problem, issues you 
   encountered, and how you resolved those issues.

   Problem 1 (Autocomplete Term):
        I approached this problem by looking at the checklist first to see if
   it could provide me any ideas. I went to see Kyler so that he can assist 
   me in developing Term class. I understood that the first constructor that
   did not take in any weight would use the second constructor by passing it 
   it 0 as its weight and using this keyword. I also learned that using the
   compareTo allowed me to compare the queries between each other. The 
   checklist allowed me to further grasp the concept of term as it guided me
   through. I found that PrefixOrder.compare on the checklist was a bit
   confusing once I read it since there was so much specific details inside,
   but once Kyler explain it was understandable.

   Problem 2 (Binary Search Deluxe):
        I found this problem was the easiest of the the three problems. The
   reason why I found this problem the easiest since I found Binary Search
   in the analysis of algorithms slides. I copied it and examined it. I
   also looked at the trace to carefully follow along. Kyler also showed how 
   it worked on the blackboard. I learned that we are moving the last and 
   first positions mostly. I learned that we need to have a comparator to 
   compare to see if we were getting the the first index of or last index
   of the key. I learned that its important to compare to 0 because 0 is
   a safe number to check between the negative numbers and positive numbers.
   Lastly I learned that its important to initialize index at -1 since if 
   the key did not exist we were suppose to return -1. 

   Problem 3 (Autocomplete):
        I approached this problem by going to Kyler. Kyler guided through
   this problem. He told me what a defensive copy was and how to create it.
   I learned that a defensive copy is like an exact copy. It’s important
   not in modify the original copy. Since that would effect our data. I 
   also used the checklist to follow along making sure that I did not miss
   anything. He explained how binary search is used within autocomplete.
   It’s important to get all the first index of the term’s in order to 
   make sure that you get every term from the start of sorted array.
   It’s also important to sort by reverse weight order so that the more 
   common searched terms appear at the top. 
   
3. Did you receive help from anyone? List their names, status (classmate, 
   CS210 grad, TA, other), and the nature of help received.

   Name               Status       Help Received
   ----               ------       -------------
   Kyler              SI instructor  Guided me through and helped me
                                   understand each problem and 
                                   demonstrate it up on the board.
   

4. List any other comments here. Feel free to provide any feedback on how
   much you learned from doing the assignment, and whether you enjoyed
   doing it.

   I liked using the GUI. Some parts of the Checklist are a bit vague.
   I learned how to use a comparator.
